For the puff pastry:

2 cups all purpose flour and several extra Tbsp for dusting
A few pinches of kosher salt
1 cup ice water
2 sticks unsalted butter
 

For the beef tenderloin:

1 beef tenderloin
¼ pound prosciutto
3 Tbsp English Mustard
Salt and pepper
 

For the mushroom duxelles:

10 mushrooms (chopped in food processor)
1 clove freshly crushed garlic
1 Tbsp thyme
2 Tbsp butter
Cognac
Heavy cream
Salt and pepper



For the puff pastry:

Place all purpose flour on cutting board. Create trench within the flour mound and pour in a few tablespoons of the ice water. Carefully combine the ice water and flour. Then, reform the trench and begin the process again. Once the flour combination becomes chunky, use a bench scraper to help combine the water and flour. Repeat and keep mixing the water and flour until a dough that holds its shape forms. Form the dough into a square, wrap in plastic wrap, and place in the fridge. Chill for 30 minutes.
Cube the sticks of butter and place in the middle of a floured cutting board, then sprinkle flour on top. Taking a floured rolling pin, pound the butter together into one mass. Keep re-flouring the rolling pin and work surface. Keep pounding the butter until it is pliable and can be folded. Then, form the butter into a square, wrap with plastic wrap, and place in fridge for 10 minutes.
Generously flour your work surface, take the dough out of the fridge and start rolling out your sticky lean dough into a 12x12 inch square. Then, pound your butter square out so it is approximately a 6x6 inch square.
Place the butter square in the middle of the dough square and fold the edges of the dough square so they meet in the middle. Seal the edges of the dough square and roll out the square. Roll the dough out to a 12-inch long and 5-inch wide rectangle.
Fold the rectangle into thirds, like a letter, and then rotate it 90 degrees. Roll out again and repeat once more. Then, fold the dough back into thirds, wrap with plastic wrap, and place the dough into the fridge for 30 minutes. This allows the glutens to relax. Watch the video above to see this process!
After 30 minutes has passed, pull the dough out of the fridge and roll out. Fold into thirds and roll once more. Repeat this once more and then fold into thirds, wrap in plastic wrap, and place in the fridge for 30 minutes. Repeat this whole rolling process once more to create 6 total folds and 720 layers of butter. Again, watch the video to see this in action!
Fold into thirds and wrap in plastic wrap. Place the dough in the fridge for at least one hour and up to 24 hours. Next, begin preparing the beef tenderloin and mushroom duxelles.
 


For The mushroom duxelles:

In a food processor, pulse the mushrooms until finely chopped. Then, finely chop the thyme.
Over medium heat, melt butter in a skillet. Add mushrooms and combine with butter. Add thyme. Using a garlic crusher, crush garlic and add to mushroom mixture. Continue to combine over medium heat for about 10-15 minutes or until the mushrooms are caramelized.
Once the mushrooms are caramelized, add a generous splash of Cognac and stir to deglaze the pan. Add heavy cream and cook for several minutes or until all the moisture is gone. You should be left with a paté-like mixture. Set aside.
  


For the beef wellington:

Season the tenderloin liberally with salt and pepper. Leave kitchen string on tenderloin.
Place tenderloin into a ripping hot cast iron skillet. Sear on all sides and set aside. 
Lay down a large layer of plastic wrap that can wrap around the circumference and length of the tenderloin.
Lay prosciutto on top of plastic wrap so that it overlaps each piece like roof shingling. There should be about 2 rows with 7 strips of prosciutto in each.
Grab your tenderloin, cut off any kitchen string and brush tenderloin with English mustard.
Spread an even layer of the mushroom duxelles on the prosciutto. Place the roast at the end of the prosciutto and duxelles wrapping. Use the plastic wrap to leverage the wrapping around the roast. Twist the ends of the plastic wrap to seal. Place in the fridge to firm up. Again, watch the video to see this done!
Preheat oven to 450℉.
Generously flour your work surface before rolling out your puff pastry. Your puff pastry should be 3 inches wider than your roast and 12 inches longer.
Place plastic wrap on your work surface and place the dough on top. Grab your tenderloin from the fridge and unwrap. Place the tenderloin at the edge of the dough square.
Using the plastic wrap, roll the dough around the tenderloin and fold the edges down. Wrap the plastic wrap around the roast and then use Gordon Ramsay's Whipsy Flipsy method to seal the edges. Watch the video! Put it in the fridge for 20 minutes to firm up.
After firmed up, unwrap from plastic and place on a parchment paper-covered baking sheet. Brush the roast down with a beaten egg and use the back of a paring knife to decoratively score the dough. Sprinkle with flaky kosher salt.
Insert a temperature probe into the thickest part of the roast. Bake at 450℉ until the roast registers as 120℉ internally. Let rest for 15 minutes and then slice open to reveal the fruits of your labor.