Dough Ingredients:

227 grams (100% hydration) sourdough starter* 
350 grams bread flour
2 Tablespoons granulated sugar 
½ teaspoons dry active yeast 
180 grams ice water 
1 Tablespoon (+ more as needed) olive oil 
1 ½  teaspoons kosher salt

Recipe Adapted from: America’s Test Kitchen.
Link: https://www.americastestkitchen.com/recipes/6316-thin-crust-pizza

White Sauce (Bechamel) Ingredients:

2 Tablespoons butter
2 Tablespoons flour 
1 cup milk 
¾ teaspoon white pepper 
½ teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg 
1 teaspoon kosher salt

Garlic Confit Ingredients:

Whole head of garlic, peeled and separated  
1 cup olive oil (enough to cover the garlic)
1 teaspoon kosher salt 
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
3 dried chilies 
1 bay leaf

Assembly Ingredients (As Needed):
Olive oil 
Garlic clove, crushed 
Low moisture mozzarella cheese, shredded 
Broccoli florets + stems, steamed  
White sauce
Garlic confit 
Broccoli rabe, sauteed 
Parmesan cheese, grated

Method
Dough Method: 

In a food processor, add the starter, flour, sugar, and yeast. Process until all ingredients are thoroughly combined. 

With the machine still running, add the water until a sticky dough has formed. 

Let the dough rest, covered in the food processor, for 10 minutes to allow the gluten to rest. 

Add 1 Tablespoon of olive and the salt. Process the dough until completely homogenous. 

On a lightly oiled work surface, shape the dough into a ball. Then, place the dough in an oiled container and cover with a lid or plastic wrap. 

Refrigerate for 12-24 hours. 

Remove the dough and cut into two even portions. 

Shape each portion into a ball and allow to sit, covered, at room temperature for 1-2 hours before baking. 




White Sauce (Bechamel) Method:

Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium/high heat. 

Add flour and whisk until no clumps remain. 

Slowly add the milk, only a few tablespoons at a time, and whisk to combine. 
Cook for an additional 5 minutes, until thickened. 

Add white pepper, nutmeg, and salt. 

Allow to cool and reserve in the refrigerator until ready to use.

