Classic Chicken Fingers Ingredients: 

48 oz peanut oil
3 eggs, beaten  
1 ½ tsp kosher salt, divided
8 oz all-purpose flour 
1 tsp black pepper 
1 (~1.5 lb) package chicken tenders 

Advanced Chicken Fingers Ingredients:

Brine:

1 (32 oz) jar of dill pickles 
1 Cup buttermilk 
1 tsp kosher salt 
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
¼ tsp cayenne 
½ tsp sweet paprika
1 fresh bay leaf

Chicken Fingers:

1 (~1.5 lb) package chicken tenders 
48 oz peanut oil 
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp onion powder
½ tsp sweet paprika 
½ tsp cayenne 
1 tsp kosher salt 
½ tsp freshly ground black pepper
2 Cups all-purpose flour 
1 Cup corn flakes, finely crushed 
¼ Cup Tbsp cornstarch
3 egg whites 



Classic Chicken Fingers Method:

Start heating the oil in a large high-sided skillet to 375 °F.

Combine the eggs and ½ teaspoon salt in a large shallow dish.

In another large shallow dish, combine the flour, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper. 

Dredge the chicken tenders starting with the egg mixture and then, moving onto the flour mixture. Repeat the dredging process for a double-coat.

Fry the tenders at 375 °F for 5-8 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 165 °F. 

Transfer the fried tenders to a large rimmed baking sheet lined with paper towels.

Allow the chicken to cool for 5-10 minutes before serving. 



Advanced Chicken Fingers Method:

Drain the pickle brine from the pickle jar. Reserve the pickles for another use. 

Combine the pickle brine, buttermilk, salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, and bay leaf in a sealable container. 

Add the chicken to the marinade and cover with a lid. Refrigerate for a minimum of 8 hours or up to 36 hours. 

Once the chicken is ready, start heating the oil in a large high-sided skillet to 375 °F.

Combine the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, cayenne, salt, pepper, flour, cornflakes, and cornstarch in a shallow baking dish.

Add the egg whites into another shallow baking dish. 

Transfer the chicken from the marinade and into the egg whites. Then, one piece at a time, dip the chicken pieces in the flour dredge. Allow the chicken fingers to sit in the flour dredge for 10 minutes before frying.

Fry the chicken fingers for 5-8 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 165 °F.  

Transfer the chicken fingers to a large rimmed baking sheet lined with paper towels and let it cool for 5-10 minutes before serving.