Compound Butter Ingredients:

*6 oz unsalted butter, soft 
2 Tbsp fresh dill, finely chopped
2 tsp fresh tarragon, finely chopped
1 Tbsp fresh parsley, finely chopped
3 garlic cloves, peeled + grated 
1 tsp kosher salt 
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper 

*Tip: to make the assembly process easier, reduce the butter to 3 ounces.

Chicken Kiev Ingredients:

2 chicken breasts, trimmed of excess fat 
2 tsp kosher salt, divided
2 tsp freshly ground black pepper, divided
6 oz compound butter, chilled 
8 oz all-purpose flour
3 oz cornstarch 
4 eggs, beaten 
12 oz cups breadcrumbs, divided
72 oz peanut oil



Compound Butter Method:

Combine all ingredients in a small bowl.

Using a plastic spatula, fold the ingredients together until homogenous. Optionally, use a muddler to further release the flavor and color of the herbs. 

With wet hands, shape the butter into two evenly sized logs about 3-4 inches long. 

Refrigerate for 20-30 minutes or until firm but still slightly flexible. 



Chicken Kiev Method:

With your knife parallel to the cutting board, cut the chicken in half horizontally starting from the thin side and working towards the thicker side. Stop just before cutting through to the other side of the breast. The resulting chicken should look like two halves of a butterfly connected in the middle.

Using a meat pounder, pound out the chicken to about 1/4” thickness between two pieces of plastic wrap. 

Remove the top sheet of plastic wrap and season the chicken with 1 tsp of salt and pepper.

Remove the compound butter logs from the fridge and place each on one side of the chicken breasts. The butter log may need to be trimmed to fit the size of the chicken. 

Roll the butter log in the chicken to form a ballotine/log shape. 

Tightly wrap each chicken log in plastic wrap and freeze for 30-45 minutes depending on the size of the chicken. The chicken should be firm but not entirely frozen when ready.

Prepare three large shallow baking dishes: one with flour, cornstarch, and the remaining salt and pepper, one with beaten eggs, and one with 8 oz of breadcrumbs. 

Prepare a small baking sheet with an even coating of the remaining  4 oz of breadcrumbs.

Remove the chicken from the freezer and begin the dredging process. Start with the flour/cornstarch, then move the chicken logs to the egg mixture and then, the breadcrumbs. Repeat the dredging process with the egg and finally, the breadcrumbs for a double crust. Make sure the dredge gets into all of the nooks and crannies of the chicken.

Place the breaded chicken on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 30-45 minutes.

Meanwhile, start heating the peanut oil to 350 °F in a large high-sided skillet. Also, preheat the oven to 400 °F.

Working with one chicken log at a time, carefully add the chicken to the fry oil. After about 1 to 2 minutes, flip the chicken over.

Remove the chicken from the oil and transfer it to a plate lined with paper towels. Repeat frying method with the other chicken log. 

Transfer both chickens to a grilling rack placed in a small baking rack. Bake for 10-15 minutes.

Allow the chicken to rest for 5 minutes before serving.